What are you doing? This was given to me by the emperor's grandfather
I see the carving is beautiful, I want to see it
This material is absolutely extraordinary
It's a baby.
You need to find a place to hide
Don't take it out casually.
At least not in a pinch
Take it out once lost
That's a big sin
Why don't I keep it for you?
No, I'll take it myself.
Just put it on your body
How can you bring this kind of thing with you?
What should I do if I lose it?
Oh, I'll be careful.
Hmm, it works really well.
Hey
It's rare that he is so happy
Forget it. He wouldn't dare to hit me anyway.
It's strange that this king is happy when he looks at him and smiles
Hey
Internal and external injuries are all healed
Oh, as expected of me.
Proud of what?
Okay, fast, it's not that this king is in good health
With you, a doctor who is lazy for half a month
It doesn't matter.
Okay, okay, it has nothing to do with me, okay?
Now that your injuries are healed
Then it's time for the prince and princess to have dinner
Tonight I let her mama cook what you like
Just treat it as a reward
It was obviously Mammy who made it for me
How did it become your favor?
Right, Mom?
If you don't like it, you can skip it.
Okay, let's go, no
I have to make it clear tonight